README.md, before:

# Battleship

## Battleship is a naval war-themed strategy game

You and your opponent are competing navy commanders at sea. You have a fleet of ships positioned at secret coordinates and take turns firing torpedoes at each other. The goal is to be the first to sink the other person’s whole fleet.

## History

The game dates back to WWI when it was played with pencil and paper. Most people know it by the plastic board game produced by Milton Bradley in 1967. Since then, the game has spawned various physical and digital variations. Today, [Hasbro](https://shop.hasbro.com/en-us) makes the board game version after they acquired Milton Bradley in 1984.

## This version

My goal is to improve my React skills. I chose to build this particular game because my dad taught me how to play the pen and paper version when I was young, and I have fond memories of the many hours we spent sinking each others’ ships to pass the time.

## Credits

Made with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Commit message:

Update readme to credit sound makers

README.md, after:

# Battleship

## Battleship is a naval war-themed strategy game

You and your opponent are competing navy commanders at sea. You have a fleet of ships positioned at secret coordinates and take turns firing torpedoes at each other. The goal is to be the first to sink the other person’s whole fleet.

## History

The game dates back to WWI when it was played with pencil and paper. Most people know it by the plastic board game produced by Milton Bradley in 1967. Since then, the game has spawned various physical and digital variations. Today, [Hasbro](https://shop.hasbro.com/en-us) makes the board game version after they acquired Milton Bradley in 1984.

## This version

My goal is to improve my React skills. I chose to build this particular game because my dad taught me how to play the pen and paper version when I was young, and I have fond memories of the many hours we spent sinking each others’ ships to pass the time.

## Credits

- Made with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
- Sounds from [Leshy Online Sound Generator](https://www.leshylabs.com/apps/sfMaker/) and [FreeSound.org](https://freesound.org/), specifically [LittleRobotSoundFactory](people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/270468/).
